LEVEL 1
======= 

Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on her space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert her plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue prisoners, youre going to tell them to make sure stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets is part of the job description. Its only fair to warn people, after all.

LEVEL 2
======= 

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

Rumor has it the prison guards are inexplicably fond of bananas. You're an apple person yourself, but you file the information away for future reference. You never know when you might need to bribe a guard or three...

At least all this time spent running errands all over Commander Lambda's space station have given you a really good understanding of the station's layout. You'll need that when you're finally ready to destroy the LAMBCHOP and rescue the bunny prisoners.

LEVEL 3
======= 

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that she's made you her personal assistant. You'll be helping her directly with her work, which means you'll have access to all of her files-including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

Commander Lambda has six suits, three dress uniforms, four casual outfits, and one Dress-Uniform-For-Important-Speeches-Only. You know this because you've already had to take all of them to the dry cleaner's. Twice!

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over her shoulder. But she's very careful about security, and you haven't managed it yet...

LEVEL 4
======= 

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of her space station, and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the imprisoned bunnies and escape before the entire thing explodes?

It's a good thing bunnies are relatively small and light. You're pretty sure they're packing the escape pods well past the legal maximum occupancy.

Not all of the bunny prisoners are highly-trained operatives. Some of them are civilians, and they're panicking in all the noise and confusion of the space station's destruction. Several of them have wedged themselves into corners and started thumping, which isn't exactly helping the station's structural integrity...

LEVEL 5
======= 

Oh no! You escaped Commander Lambda's exploding space station - but so did she, and she's definitely not happy with you. She's chasing you in her heavily-armed starfighter, while you and your bunny refugees are stuck in these lumbering escape pods. It'll take all your wits and cleverness to escape such a hare-y situation, so you'd better hop to it!

Huzzah! The famous pilots Luke Skybunny and Jyn Erbun managed to hijack a pair of Commander Lambda's starfighters and are laying down cover fire for the bunnies' escape pods. You give them a wing salute on your way past.